if you look at the brain it
looks like multiple Grand Canyon
if you look at a mouse-brain you
don't see that it's very smooth
with the outer mantle of the
brain the cortex is very smooth
and mouse but we have all these
grooves and valleys in human
brain the reason why we have all
these folds in our brain is
because across evolutionary time
our brains were getting bigger
and bigger and bigger the brain
was getting too big and it
needed to fit in a scope so this
is called the surface area to
volume problem the way you
increase surface area to volume
is by creating these volts you
can simply pack more part x and
you have a folded brain you know
there's a parasite called jewel
ones that can do brain surgery
on its hopes